the first treasurer for chapter 12 is
found immediately after the big
fistfight right at the beginning climb
up the containers and instead of going
up jump across to the other side and
pick up this easy to spot one in the
corner next one can be found right after
that platforming Drake will pick up his
gun holsters and they're empty after you
go through the door run down this
hallway to the right make another right
pick ups treasure third one is found
right after the big gunfight with the
boats in the water area back when you
enter this area on the right side you'll
find these ledges make your way towards
the back and on the right jump up on
this ledge and continue all the way back
down towards the other end
ah
the next one can be found after you do
the hanging gunfight and then the
enemies start coming out of the little
hatches on the ground instead of going
up where you're supposed to go towards
that ladder jump around that little box
thing and then jump around this treasure
is easy to spot but difficult to pick up
just make sure that you time your jumps
exactly how I did and you'll make it
there's two treasures to find in this
area while you're climbing the boats and
you're doing lots of one-handed pistol
hang when you grab this rope or chain
thing instead of swinging across climb
up touch up inside pick up a treasure
and then descend back down and when you
swing across instead of heading into the
captains quarters or whatever room it is
that Drake goes in to drop down on the
other side it's rectly across from these
beams that I'm climbing on right now and
pick up a really really tough to find
treasure
the final one will be found when you go
inside the little room over there there
will be a little cutscenes rec will talk
about the boat that you're supposed to
go to and instead of sliding down the
rope go into this little back corner and
pick up the final treasure